This makes the bot more scalpy by
letting it jump into trades when the
spread is just starting to look
stretched rather than waiting for an
extra move. And faster response to
shorten the Zcore look back to 10
periods. This makes the bot react much
faster to quick price swings in the oil
market and steady cadence that kept your
15-minute check-in time. Okay, cool. So,
so far still no trades. Let's stop this
other back test cuz it's really useful
anymore. Let me check on this for speed.
I'm going to in the meantime, I'm going
to get this thing to work on some speed
improvements. make speed management
automatic so we don't forget. So first
of all, we don't have Forex back testing
for Interactive Brokers. As far as I
understand it, I don't think that works
at all. So you're talking about making
it faster. That doesn't make any sense.
And second of all, you should read, we
created a document already on like how
to do speed improvements in general. Can
you read that document in the Lumiot
docs folder and make sure that we're
following all of that and all those
instructions there and then give me a
better game plan for all of this. This
strategy that we're running here is like
way too slow. We need to make it at
least like 10 times faster for the code
they gave you. It's the ETA is 40
minutes for a oneweek back test. Like it
should be more like 40 seconds, you
know. So I think we need a pretty
significant speed improvement here. So
we want to work on that. So what is the
game plan for all of this? First of all,
getting at least a 10 maybe 30x
improvement in speed would be ideal for
the strategy that I gave you. And then
we want to talk about seconds level
futures back testing. And then also
making sure that crypto is fast and also
works with seconds level data. and then
we could focus on forex trading after
that, but that's less important here.
Pretty crazy. You can just like talk to
AI and just tell it like make this
faster. And that's basically what I've
been doing and it's been really working
well. So, it seems like, you know,
continuous contracts, we got a really
nice speed boost, but these when you're
picking the contracts for some reason,
not yet, but we'll figure it out. We'll
make this faster, too. Okay, I'll say it
still does not seem to be trading. Can
you check the logs to see what is
happening? I don't know if it has the
ability to check the logs for running
back test, but that would be pretty
useful if it did. So, we have to wait
until it finishes.
>> Yeah. Yeah, that would be good.
>> Yeah, cuz it's trying to get the logs.
CSV, but that's not going to work cuz
that doesn't exist yet. Logs are pretty
clear. So, what do you think about that?
Put it into the comments. Let me know. I
respond to all of your comments. So, I'm
very interested to hear what you thought
about the video and what do you want to
see next. And of course, if you're
interested in any of this stuff, go
check it out at botsspot.trade.